DOC-2171: fix documentation entry for TINY-10129 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2891)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== Numeric input in toolbar items did not disable when a switching from edit to read-only mode
// TINY-10129

> In previous versions of {productname}, an issue related to the `fontsizeinput` was identified, when the Editor's configuration was set to **readonly** mode.
> 
> This issue was due to the `Changenode` event not being fired when switching modes, which prevented the event listener responsible for disabling the `fontsizeinput` button from triggering. Consequently this caused the toolbar button to appear to be interactable even while the editor was set to **readonly** mode.
> 
> {productname} 6.7, addresses this fix by listening to the "ChangeMode" event in addition to the previous event, ensuring that the missing event is now properly handled. As a result, the bug no longer exists, and the `fontsizeinput` button is correctly disabled when the Editor's configuration is set to **readonly** mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when a {productname} editor instance was set to *read-only* mode, because a `Changenode` event was not fired when switching modes, the text-entry field in the `fontsizeinput` toolbar object did not present as disabled and the field’s value could be changed.

{productname} 6.7, addresses this by listening to the `ChangeMode` event in addition to the previous event. This ensures the missing event is now properly handled.

As a consequence, the `fontsizeinput` text-entry field presents as disabled when a {productname} editor instance is set to *read-only* mode, as expected.

NOTE: this was a display error only. Previously, when the editor was set to *read-only* mode, text could be entered into the `fontsizeinput` text-entry field. Setting this field to a new value in this circumstance did not, however, have any effect on selected material in a {productname} document, nor on text added at an insertion point after the {productname} instance was switched away from *read-only* mode.
```
Suggested edit.

=== Numeric input in toolbar items did not disable when a switching from edit to read-only mode
// TINY-10129
Previously, when a {productname} editor instance was set to *read-only* mode, because a `Changenode` event was not fired when switching modes, the text-entry field in the `fontsizeinput` toolbar object did not present as disabled and the field’s value could be changed.

{productname} 6.7, addresses this by listening to the `ChangeMode` event in addition to the previous event. This ensures the missing event is now properly handled.

As a consequence, the `fontsizeinput` text-entry field presents as disabled when a {productname} editor instance is set to *read-only* mode, as expected.

> NOTE: this was a display error only. Previously, when the editor was set to *read-only* mode, text could be entered into the `fontsizeinput` text-entry field. Setting this field to a new value in this circumstance did not, however, have any effect on selected material in a {productname} document, nor on text added at an insertion point after the {productname} instance was switched away from *read-only* mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This was a display error only. Previously, when the editor was set to *read-only* mode, text could be entered into the `fontsizeinput` text-entry field. Setting this field to a new value in this circumstance did not, however, have any effect on selected material in a {productname} document, nor on text added at an insertion point after the {productname} instance was switched away from *read-only* mode.
```
Fixing my own typo here.
